docs: add more detail to Cloud Run deployer page (#8381)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs-v2/content/en/docs/pipeline-stages/deployers/cloudrun.md

This feature is currently experimental and subject to change. Not all Skaffold features are supported, for example `debug` is currently not supported in Cloud Run (but is on our roadmap).
{{< /alert >}}

> [Cloud Run](https://cloud.google.com/run) is a managed compute platform on Google Cloud that allows you to run containers on Google's infrastructure. With Skaffold, now you are able to configure your dev loop to build, test, sync and use Cloud Run as deployer for your images.

Reviewer: nit: 
use Cloud Run as deployer -> use Cloud Run as the deployer

> [Cloud Run](https://cloud.google.com/run) is a managed compute platform on Google Cloud that allows you to run containers on Google's infrastructure. With Skaffold, now you are able to configure your dev loop to build, test, sync and use Cloud Run as deployer for your images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cloud Run](https://cloud.google.com/run) is a managed compute platform on Google Cloud that allows you to run containers on Google's infrastructure. With Skaffold, now you are able to configure your dev loop to build, test, sync and use Cloud Run as the deployer for your images.
```

## Deploying applications to Cloud Run

> Skaffold can deploy services and jobs to Cloud Run. If this deployer is used, all provided manifests must be valid Cloud Run services, using the `serving.knative.dev/v1` schema, or valid Cloud Run jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skaffold can deploy [Services](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/reference/rest/v1/namespaces.services#resource:-service) and [Jobs](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/reference/rest/v1/namespaces.jobs#resource:-job) to Cloud Run. If this deployer is used, all provided manifests must be valid Cloud Run services, using the `serving.knative.dev/v1` schema, or valid Cloud Run jobs.
```

See the [Cloud Run YAML reference](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/reference/yaml/v1) for supported fields.

### Environment setup
In order to use this deployer you'll need to configure some tools first.

> The deployer uses `gcloud` CLI to perform its tasks, so be sure it is installed in your environment. It will use the [application default credentials](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#automatically) to deploy.  You can configure this to use your user credentials by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployer uses the `gcloud` CLI to perform its tasks, so be sure it is installed in your environment. It will use the [application default credentials](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#automatically) to deploy.  You can configure this to use your user credentials by running:
```

```

To enable [Log streaming]({{< relref "#log-streaming" >}}) and [Port forwarding]({{< relref "#port-forwarding" >}}) some extra components are needed from `gcloud`. To install them run the following comand in your terminal:
```bash
gcloud components install --quiet \
    alpha \
    beta \
    log-streaming \
    cloud-run-proxy
```

From the previous command, `alpha` and `log-streaming` components are needed for [Log streaming]({{< relref "#log-streaming" >}}), `beta` and `cloud-run-proxy` components are needed for [Port forwarding]({{< relref "#port-forwarding" >}}).

## Features

### Cloud Run Services and Jobs deployment
With Skaffold you can deploy Cloud Run [Services](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/overview/what-is-cloud-run#services) and [Jobs](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/overview/what-is-cloud-run#jobs) just referencing them from the `skaffold.yaml` file. The following example ilustrates a project using the Cloud Run deployer:

With the following project folder structure:
```yaml
resources/
  cloud-run-service.yaml
  cloud-run-job.yaml
skaffold.yaml
```

`cloud-run-service.yaml` content:
```yaml
apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1
kind: Service
metadata:

>   name: cloud-run-service-name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: cloud-run-service-name # this service will be created in Cloud Deploy via Skaffold
```

Author: Change applied with the following text: `this service will be created in Cloud Run via Skaffold`: Changed `Cloud Deploy` to `Cloud Run`. Also I added the same comment for the Job.

spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
      - image: gcr.io/cloudrun/hello
```

`cloud-run-job.yaml` content:
```yaml
apiVersion: run.googleapis.com/v1
kind: Job
metadata:

>   name: cloud-run-job-name

Reviewer: Might make sense to add a note/section explaining how Job is currently supported (can create Jobs but not trigger them)

Author: Agree. I already had a note about it, but I just changed it to make it look with the `Notes` format (as the card from the beginning of the page), let me know what do you think 😄

cloud-run-service-name: Service starting: Deploying Revision. Waiting on revision cloud-run-service-name-2246v.
cloud-run-service-name: Service starting: Deploying Revision. Waiting on revision cloud-run-service-name-2246v.
Cloud Run Service cloud-run-service-name finished: Service started. 0/2 deployment(s) still pending
Forwarding service projects/<YOUR-GCP-PROJECT>/locations/<GCP-REGION>/services/cloud-run-service-name to local port 8080
...
```

Here you'll see the port to use to access the deployed Cloud Run service, in this case you can access it through `localhost:8080`. If you need to change the local port used, you'll need to add a `portForward` stanza:

Using the previous example, changing `skaffold.yaml` to:
{{% readfile file="samples/deployers/cloud-run/service-port-forward.yaml" %}}

Running `skaffold dev --port-forward`, will result in:

```
...
Forwarding service projects/<YOUR-GCP-PROJECT>/locations/<GCP-REGION>/services/cloud-run-service-name to local port 9001
...
```

Now you will be able to access the deployed service through `localhost:9001`.

### Log streaming {#log-streaming}

> On [active development]({{< relref "docs/workflows/dev">}}), Skaffold will log stream to your console the output from the Cloud Run services deployed. From the previous example, running `skaffold dev --port-forward` or `skaffold run --tail --port-forward` in your terminal, you will see the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When doing [local development]({{< relref "docs/workflows/dev">}}), Skaffold will log stream to your console the output from the Cloud Run services deployed. From the previous example, running `skaffold dev --port-forward` or `skaffold run --tail --port-forward` in your terminal, you will see the following output:
```
